README.md, before:

# ClojureJavadoc
Complete javadoc for Clojure JAR access

## Versions 

* [Clojure 1.7.0](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.7.0/) Currently clojure-1.7.0-alpha6 on 1 Apr 2015.
\[[release](https://github.com/clojure/clojure/releases/tag/clojure-1.7.0-alpha6)]
\[[zipped JavaDoc](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.7.0.zip)]
* [Clojure 1.6.0](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.6.0/) on 25 Mar 2014.
\[[release](https://github.com/clojure/clojure/releases/tag/clojure-1.6.0)]
\[[zipped JavaDoc](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.6.0.zip)]
* [Clojure 1.5.1](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.5.1/) on 10 Mar 2013.
\[[release](https://github.com/clojure/clojure/releases/tag/clojure-1.5.1)]
\[[zipped JavaDoc](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.5.1.zip)]
* [Clojure 1.4.0](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.4.0/) on 15 Apr 2012.
\[[release](https://github.com/clojure/clojure/releases/tag/clojure-1.4.0)]
\[[zipped JavaDoc](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.4.0.zip)]
* [Clojure 1.3.0](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.3.0/) on 23 Sep 2011.
\[[release](https://github.com/clojure/clojure/releases/tag/clojure-1.3.0)]
\[[zipped JavaDoc](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.3.0.zip)]

Commit message:

Add link to the site and explanations

README.md, after:

# ClojureJavadoc
Complete javadoc for Clojure JAR access

Link to the site : http://PoleKilroySoft.gitub.io/ClojureJavadoc

## Versions 
Here you have the links to the various version of Clojure's Javadocs, the release of the sources and
the zipped version of the Javadocs.
* [Clojure 1.7.0](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.7.0/) Currently clojure-1.7.0-alpha6 on 1 Apr 2015.
\[[release](https://github.com/clojure/clojure/releases/tag/clojure-1.7.0-alpha6)]
\[[zipped JavaDoc](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.7.0.zip)]
* [Clojure 1.6.0](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.6.0/) on 25 Mar 2014.
\[[release](https://github.com/clojure/clojure/releases/tag/clojure-1.6.0)]
\[[zipped JavaDoc](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.6.0.zip)]
* [Clojure 1.5.1](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.5.1/) on 10 Mar 2013.
\[[release](https://github.com/clojure/clojure/releases/tag/clojure-1.5.1)]
\[[zipped JavaDoc](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.5.1.zip)]
* [Clojure 1.4.0](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.4.0/) on 15 Apr 2012.
\[[release](https://github.com/clojure/clojure/releases/tag/clojure-1.4.0)]
\[[zipped JavaDoc](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.4.0.zip)]
* [Clojure 1.3.0](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.3.0/) on 23 Sep 2011.
\[[release](https://github.com/clojure/clojure/releases/tag/clojure-1.3.0)]
\[[zipped JavaDoc](http://polekilroysoft.github.io/ClojureJavadoc/clojure1.3.0.zip)]
